Fix a error responses example (#118881)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/openid-connect.md

```http
GET https://jwt.ms/#
error=access_denied

> &error_description=AADB2C90091%3a+The+user+has+cancelled+entering+self-asserted+information.%0d%0aCorrelation+ID%3a+xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx%0d%0aTimestamp%3a+2024-01-05+14%3a23%3a27Z%0d%0a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&error_description=AADB2C90091%3a+The+user+has+cancelled+entering+self-asserted+information.%0d%0aCorrelation+ID%3a+xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx%0d%0aTimestamp%3a+xxxx-xx-xx+xx%3a23%3a27Z%0d%0a
```

```json
{
    "error": "invalid_grant",

>     "error_description": "AADB2C90080: The provided grant has expired. Please re-authenticate and try again. Current time: 1705367452, Grant issued time: 1704865840, Grant expiration time: 1704866140\r\nCorrelation ID: xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxX-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx\r\nTimestamp: 2024-01-16 01:10:52Z\r\n"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "error_description": "AADB2C90080: The provided grant has expired. Please re-authenticate and try again. Current time: xxxxxxxxxx, Grant issued time: xxxxxxxxxx, Grant expiration time: xxxxxxxxxx\r\nCorrelation ID: xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxX-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx\r\nTimestamp: xxxx-xx-16 xx:10:52Z\r\n"
```

```json
{
    "error": "invalid_grant",

>     "error_description": "AADB2C90129: The provided grant has been revoked. Please reauthenticate and try again.\r\nCorrelation ID: xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx\r\nTimestamp: 2024-01-16 01:21:18Z\r\n",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "error_description": "AADB2C90129: The provided grant has been revoked. Please reauthenticate and try again.\r\nCorrelation ID: xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx\r\nTimestamp: xxxx-xx-xx xx:xx:xxZ\r\n",
```
